Department-Wise KPI Tracking Dashboard with Technician Performance Analysis for AtoZ Dependable Service

Client: A leading retail tech firm in the USA Industry Type: Retail Products & Services: Retail Businesses Organization Size: 100+ The organization has some services like sales, installs and services for many departments like drain, plumbing, excavation, hvac and bath. Organization wants to track some KPIs based on the given monthly target and tracking should be department wise or technician wise. The dashboard will show tracking the pace of KPIs so that they can understand how the organization is performing in each department in terms of number of jobs, revenue etc and also they want to understand how technicians are working to achieve their monthly target. Dashboard has two basic views – one for admin persons and one for users only. When an admin person logged in to the web app he will see the dashboard as an iframe and he can filter date range, department, technician to see the progress of department and technicians. When a user logged in to the web app he will see the user dashboard view after auto-filtering his name so that he can only view his data in the dashboard. Scope of this project is limited to AtoZ Dependable Service but scaleable to auto user filter in dashboard datasource. Each user will see his data only in the dashboard that brings data security and integrity. Define attributes and entities that needed to determine all the KPIs for tracking Group KPIs in categories and subcategories. For example- as per work defined in organization can be divided into three main categories called Service, Sales and Install. And each of these categories can be divided into 5 departments called- Drain, BATH, HVAC, plumbing and excavation. So any department will have the same KPIs for the same category. You can refer the document – https://drive.google.com/file/d/131epQtbEtvRKFdWkXq86TE35jcNe3Ntx/view?usp=sharing Determine Calculations for each KPIs Design Dashboard in looker studio and add components need to track those KPIs and use those KPI calculations in dashboard to get actual and target values Determine the Admin view and Users view of the dashboard report and create a separate dashboard for users. In admin create three pages Service, Sales and Install. For users create 3 separate dashboard each belongs to one of the main category Add datasource for each of the main categories- Service, sales and install, assign these datasource to the correct page. Same data source will be reused in users dashboard Determine what type of charts needed to full fill the client requirement, add them and configure accordingly Create embedded URL and provide those to the developer team to use as iframe in the primary product www.atozscoreboard.com. Create a user filter parameter (default- params) for the user dashboard and make this as json string and pass it to the embed url through back-end code. So when a user will log in to the web app they will see a filtered dashboard which will only show his filter data from data source >> Front-end component – >> Back-end components (in main/views.py)  Admin Dashboard :  Employee Dashboard : Dashboard has two basic views – one for admin persons and one for users only. When an admin person logged in to the web app he will see the dashboard as an iframe and he can filter date range, department, technician to see the progress of department and technicians. When a user logged in to the web app he will see the user dashboard view after auto-filtering his name so that he can only view his data in the dashboard. Scope of this project is limited to AtoZ Dependable Service but scaleable to auto user filter in dashboard datasource. Each user will see his data only in the dashboard that brings data security and integrity. To add Actual Data User can add data in actual form of their assigned category. And only Admin can add actual entry of any user. Also Admin can Add and view targets of install, Sales and Service. After adding month targets, Users can see their targets and user can track their own performance and Admin can track all users performance. Implementing a comprehensive tracking system with both an admin dashboard and an employee dashboard will have significant positive impacts on the business, including: Overall, the implementation of this tracking system will lead to a more motivated and productive workforce, better alignment of individual and organizational goals, and ultimately, enhanced business performance and growth. AtoZDashboard Web App – atozscoreboard.com AtoZDashboard-Admin – https://www.atozscoreboard.com/admin/ AtoZDashboard-Admin – https://lookerstudio.google.com/reporting/1cbee37f-4b0f-44dc-b8a3-3a7bc2fce6ad AtoZDashboard-Install_User – https://lookerstudio.google.com/reporting/c7158228-9aec-49d7-9ade-c10e5b96930f AtoZDashboard-Sales_User – https://lookerstudio.google.com/reporting/edd0ca07-e841-471a-af1d-e9c9d4429ae2 AtoZDashboard-Service_User – https://lookerstudio.google.com/reporting/e281ee62-bb6b-454f-9f30-b6b839f7c081 Summarized: https://blackcoffer.com/ This project was done by the Blackcoffer Team, a Global IT Consulting firm. This solution was designed and developed by Blackcoffer Team Here are my contact details: Firm Name: Blackcoffer Pvt. Ltd. Firm Website: www.blackcoffer.com Firm Address: 4/2, E-Extension, Shaym Vihar Phase 1, New Delhi 110043 Email: ajay@blackcoffer.com Skype: asbidyarthy WhatsApp: +91 9717367468 Telegram: @asbidyarthy